docs: Added documentation about inherited config for the Mend-hosted app (#31479)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/mend-hosted/hosted-apps-config.md

Reviewer: All headings in this file need to be moved up one. e.g. the first line should be `# ...`

Author: Done

# Mend-hosted Apps Configuration

The Mend-hosted apps ([Renovate App on GitHub](https://github.com/apps/renovate) and [Mend App on Bitbucket](https://marketplace.atlassian.com/apps/1232072/mend)) are popular ways to use Renovate on the cloud. This section covers non-default behavior of these Mend-hosted apps.

> Logs for all Renovate jobs by the Mend-hosted apps are available through the [Mend Developer Portal](https://developer.mend.io). Users can view the logs to see which settings are applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs for all Renovate jobs by the Mend-hosted apps are available through the [Mend Developer Portal](https://developer.mend.io).
Accessing such logs can assist users to understand the config which has been applied.
```

To get a onboarding PR from Renovate, change to Interactive mode either at the Repository level or Organization level.

### Installing Renovate into selected repositories always leads to onboarding PRs

Additionally, if an Organization is installed with "Selected repositories" then the app will change `onboardingNoDeps` to `"enabled"` so that an Onboarding PR is created even if no dependencies are detected.

## Fork Processing

If an Organization install Renovate with the "All repositories" option, then `forkProcessing` will remain as the default value `false`.
This means forked repositories are _not_ onboarded, Renovate essentially ignores them.
To change this behavior you need to manually push a `renovate.json` to the repository with `"forkProcessing": true`.

If an Organization installs Renovate with "Selected repositories" then we assume the organization wants all of the selected repositories onboarded (even forked repositories), so `forkProcessing` is set to `true`.

## Inherited config

The Mend Renovate app will automatically apply inherited config to all installed repositories in an organization when the following conditions are met:

> 1. A repository called `renovate-config` exists in the same organization and has the Mend Renovate app installed. (Onboarding not necessary)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A repository called `renovate-config` exists in the same organization and has the Mend Renovate app installed. It is not necessary for this repository to be onboarded.
```

> 2. The file `org-inherited-config.json` is detected in the `renovate-config` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The file `org-inherited-config.json` is detected in the `renovate-config` repository.
```

Author: There seems to be no change in this suggestion.

> Unlike with the Self-hosted application, the values of the `inheritConfigFileName` and the `inheritConfigRepoName` cannot be changed in the Mend Renovate app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike with self-hosted Renovate, the values of the `inheritConfigFileName` and the `inheritConfigRepoName` cannot be changed in Mend apps.
```

> To avoid wasted API calls to check for the existence of inherited config file, `inheritConfig` will be applied to all relevant repositories when a commit is made to add or modify the `inheritConfig` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid wasted API calls, Mend apps will enable `inheritConfig` in an org only once a commit has been detected for the `inheritConfig` file.
```

> It is important to note that the `inheritConfig` file will not be detected if the Mend Renovate app is not installed on the `renovate-config` repository at the time of adding or changing the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, the `inheritConfig` file will not be detected if the Mend Renovate app is not installed on the `renovate-config` repository at the time of adding or changing the file.
If you have such a file but the Mend app has not enabled `inheritConfig` in your org, then try pushing a commit to that file and waiting a minute to see if it gets detected.
```

> ## Mend Renovate App Configuration

Reviewer: Do these settings only to github.com and not Bitbucket Cloud?

Author: Both. I will update the heading to "Mend-hosted Apps Configuration"
